# CS320
How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
  One major way to make sure a code is secure is to offer a two step authentication process this is the best defense against a lost password. This is true for many account systems having a second form of authentication weather it is a texted code or like Google is doing where you open a specific app on your phone and select you are trying to use an account these will secure an account. Another way to secure our code while testing functionality is implementing automated tools. By takign advantage of Static application security testing (SAST) and dynamic application security testing (DAST) we can scan our code and test it at runtime for security issues. This is testing the systems functionality and testing for cracks in the security. These options allow use to make sure our code is secure and functional.

How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
  I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program by taking the clients requirements and leaving an open line of communication. Collecting the clients requirement is usually done in one meeting, this requirment meeting will lay down the general and sometimes complexed needs the clients have. But leaving an open line of communication would be helpful for the client to make sure their needs are being met. This can be a double edged swaord as the client could constantly be changing their needs and wants of the system. We can prevent this by enforcing strict deadlines for the client and by informing them that the requirement meeting lays down the general requirements and their updates need to build off of the stated requiremnts. To interpret the requirements as they should be understanded from the initial meeting but the open line ofcommunication can allow for clarification on the developers side. By doing this procedure I beliebve I would successfully incorporate and interpret the clients needs into their program.

How do I approach designing software?
  I approach designing software like many others by having a clear understanding of your requirements. Once I have a clear unerstanding of the requirements I begin to think about each component and how to approach them. I divide the system into workable pieces similar to a Gantt Diagram I take the time set the deadlines for each piece. These sections can be placed in an order based on priority and difficulty. The more difficult a section the more time proritized to it, this is doen to meet the clients needs and deadlines. I work towards a prototype to test and testing phase will go back to the requirements and make sure they are met. As a design approach I keep the clients needs in mind their budget, deadline, and requirments for the software. I believe this design approach works in a linear and efficient manner to meet the clients needs.
